docs: udpate CONTRIBUTING instructions (#324)
gravitee-io/gravitee-ui-components: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

 git commit -a
```

> * Build your changes locally to **ensure all the tests pass**, and amend your latest commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build your changes locally to **ensure all the linters' rules and tests pass**:
* ```
